hello friends today we are going to
check out how to create a website like
Facebook in every single day we are
using Facebook up to 2 hours some people
are using Facebook more than 2 or 3
hours per day but some of people's only
want to create a website like Facebook
for build a community community for his
own purpose somehow people want to
create a community in different
categories okay franz liszt let me check
out how to create a website like sam
like facebook.com there is a ready-made
script available to build a website like
facebook.com that's script name is PHP
fox they have a three planes there they
have one light network and community
community plan have more options because
that planet is more valuable than other
plants light is $99 network is one
double nine dollars and community is two
double nine dollars so community plan
only have more futures than these two
other plans
they also provide the information that
three futures available in these three
plants community plan is good I think
because three $300 is not a matter of
first you need to select a plan then
you know to select license a mundo
because if you get one license you need
to pay two night to double nine dollars
which means you can install the script
into only one website if you get two
license they give us a ten percentage of
ten percentage of offer on the total
value you can install the website sorry
you can insult this PHP Fox script into
two websites if you get five license you
can install that line script into five
websites okay friends now let's allow we
check check out how to install the
script you need a VBS our dedicated
server for install a PHP Fox script
because you can't install the script
into ordinary shadows things because the
Dardanelle is had hosting not supported
bigger because that descript need more
resource for when RHI install and run we
we provide VBS a dedicated server for
lowest price in market if you need VBS
and dedicated server for and install the
script please contact it we are this
email id I will help to install the
script for your website also if you get
dedicated server from me I will install
the script on your server for on your
website for free of cost the free
installation is not available for VPS
free installation is only available for
dedicated servers ok France if you have
any doubts about this PHP Fox creeper
just make a comment for this video I
will give you the suggestions on helps
throw that comments only book your
friends please subscribe my channel to
get my future updates we are email thank
you for setting one in this video we
will meet you next video bye bye